All data collected for this assignment determined certain variables for that data that was collected and I put it in a table for proper ogranization of it. Starting off there needed to be a unit of analysis for this assignment, which was “City.” For the population, being the exact data being researched on, I used all the cities that were collected for data. To collect these sample cities, I chose the ones that were the most convenient, making the sample size a total number of 118. Moving onto the sample size, it would be the total amount of population that would be used in a dataset for analysis, as explained just now, the sample size was 118. With how I handled any of the missing data from the raw data table, I simply just went back, added it in and replaced it with what was already in the code. Some of the numerical values changed, but it was not too much of an issue to fix.
Starting off with the two main important variables as shown in the raw data, Crime Avearge and Gross Domestic Product (both used for the scatter plot in the results section) These two variables are connected based on how one changes its numerical value based on how low or high the other one is. These two variables collected are the average crime rate in one of the specific U.S, cities in the data based on their wealth. With help from the data shown in the scatter plot, it was determined that the more income a city in the U.S. has, the less likely it is for a crime to occur, this is most likely due to the the city having the more wealth available for its citizens, so less citizens will be desperate for some currency. If the gross domestic product in a city were to go down however, the crime rate would increase as more would be desperate for cash.
Explaining the table in more detail, I needed to determine the summary statistical analysis of the quantitative variables so I would be able to describe the distribution of them. By using the data collected I determined that the mean with the gross domestic product to be 0.71484.06 with a standard deviation of 22611.13 to split between the minimum and maximum of 31369 and 210235. Looking at the average crime rate, I determined that 0.414758 percent of the summary statistical analysis with a standard deviation of 0.1923259 to split the minimum and maximum of 0.05 and 0.98. On the bottom would be the qualitative variables, which are described as categorial variables, but were eventually unneeded for the research later conducted.
	While collecting the data for the table, I used the exact research question that I had before I started searching for the data to move into the table, “How would crime rate and the wealth of the city be connected with one another, my question was answered with the scatter plot showing how it was much more tame in U.S. closer to the line, but when the line was lower the points all spread out causing chaos in crime in those specific cities. So my final null hypothesis was that despite the two variables seeming different from one another, I came to the conclusion both had a statistically significant relationship between one another in the population of all the U.S. cities in the raw data.
